So currently we have a simple landing page, an interview section and a page and after that a turn wise feedback and a final coaching summary. What i want is that, I want to properly incorporate these than how they are right now. 
Like I want this project to act as a interview preparation assistant /agent for the user. Lets keep the agent logic and everything else the same.
So I want the user to be able to submit their resume at one place and they should be able to prepare for multiple job interviews with this project. So they should be able to enter a job role and a job description and they should be able to attend interview for that, and get coaching for that.
But these should be like options, when a user submits their job description and job role, they can either start an interview to practise or else get coaching directly, as in the agent should be able to identify the job description, analyse it and based on the user's resume and the job description, the agent should be able to provide tailored advise in the sense of what to prioritise what to prepare for etc.. the agent should also ideally search online for company related details and reviews like in lets say reddit or glassdoor or other platforms. so it uses agentic abilities and tool calls to gather information like this and provide them to hte user, so the user can use them as they see fit and it should also gather common leetcode problems asked in that company or else atleast based on the job descrption it should be able to get thse infroation. it should also search for details regarding the company ceo, hr and related, and potentially scrape and identify their interests and personality so the user can say that in the interview to potentailly impress the recruiter better. this can also be used by the interviewer agent,so as to imitate that hr or person.

after some technical interview, the coach agent should properly search for relevant resources based on the user's weankess and stuff. it should always do a tool call,